Documentation edits to the Getting Started Section (#1510)
eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds: docs/manual/getting_started/installation/core_cpp_common_build.rst

.. The following text is included in installation.cpp.rst and core_cpp_common.rst (at the end of the files).

> If you do not require the examples, use ``-DBUILD_EXAMPLES=ON`` to omit them.

Author: Changed to OFF

To install |var-project-short| after a successful build:

.. code-block:: bash

    cmake --build . --target install

The install step copies everything to:

 -  ``<install-location>/lib``
 -  ``<install-location>/bin``
 -  ``<install-location>/include/ddsc``
 -  ``<install-location>/share/CycloneDDS``

.. note::
    Depending on the installation location, you may need administrator privileges. 

At this point, you are ready to use Cyclone DDS in your projects.

.. note:: Build types

    The default build type is a release build that includes debugging information (``RelWithDebInfo``).

>     This build is suitable for applications because of its high-performance and debugging capabilities.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase to:
"This build is useful in most generic cases, as it allows debugging to be done, while at the same time performing at a satisfactory level."

Reviewer 2: I think these additions are as a result of spitting up the documentation and so it's not "new" content. However, this particular formulation was commented on in this previous pull-request: https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds/pull/1413/files#r995468974 with the following suggestion:
> This build is suitable for applications because of its high-performance while still providing the ability for the application to be easily debugged.

My personal suggestion is as follows:
```suggestion
    This build is suitable for applications because it allows the resulting application to be more easily debugged while still maintaining high performance.
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I didn't see your follow up question earlier:
I think you can find the available build types here:
https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds/blob/7fb79b81456a203d02878aa4f9ef53f60fb202fa/CMakeLists.txt#L23

>     If you prefer a Debug or pure Release build, add ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=<build-type>`` to your CMake invocation.

Reviewer 3: It would be silly, but a complete stranger to this type of thing would ask the question  "What are the `<build-type>`'s available then?". We could make this highlight the flags inline, or refer to them elsewhere (if a general appendix with options available exists).

For an in-line I would imagine something like:
 ```suggestion
    If you prefer a `Debug` or pure `Release` build, add ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=<build-type>`` to your CMake invocation.
```

Author: Added italics to debug and release
